Update Readme.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-web-forms-scheduler-bind-to-objectdatasource: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E436)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

> # Scheduler for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to bind scheduler to ObjectDataSource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Scheduler for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to bind a scheduler to ObjectDataSource
```

<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/e436/)**
<!-- run online end -->

> This example uses `ObjectDataSource` to bind the [ASPxScheduler](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxScheduler.ASPxScheduler) control to middle-layer business objects. To make the project simple and easy-to-use, data is written into a session.

Reviewer: "To make the project..." That sentence needs a rewrite. How about: To simplify your project, data is written into sessions.

Author: ```suggestion
This example uses `ObjectDataSource` to bind the [ASPxScheduler](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxScheduler.ASPxScheduler) control to middle-layer business objects. To simplify your project, data is written into sessions.
```

You can implement your own custom CRUD operations using an arbitrary data provider.

## Files to Review

* [CustomEvents.cs](./CS/WebSite/App_Code/CustomEvents.cs) (VB: [CustomEvents.vb](./VB/WebSite/App_Code/CustomEvents.vb))
* [Default.aspx](./CS/WebSite/Default.aspx) (VB: [Default.aspx](./VB/WebSite/Default.aspx))
* [Default.aspx.cs](./CS/WebSite/Default.aspx.cs) (VB: [Default.aspx.vb](./VB/WebSite/Default.aspx.vb))

## Documentation

* [How to: Bind ASPxScheduler Appointment to ObjectDataSource](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/15675/components/scheduler/examples/data-binding/how-to-bind-aspxscheduler-appointment-to-objectdatasource)
  
## More Examples

> * [Scheduler for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to bind scheduler to MS SQL Server database](https://github.com/DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-web-forms-scheduler-bind-to-ms-sql-server-database)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Scheduler for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to bind a scheduler to a MS SQL Server database](https://github.com/DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-web-forms-scheduler-bind-to-ms-sql-server-database)
```
